Good evening! I will talk about "Public speaking", "Select words" and "emphatic listening".

Public speaking:
Sometime in your life you need to go through it, either in a presentation at school or a product's presentation.
But, the main reason that people feel afraid about speaking in public is the Fear of Rejection, and there are some steps to let it go
First, you must disidentify yourself from fear, you should bear in mind the following sentence "I'm nervous, but I'm not afraid"
After, it's important to use Breathing techniques and breathe deeply
Then, you have to imagine yourself speaking like a successful boss.
And finally, rehearse. In my point of view, that's the key of successfully speaking in public.


Select words:
Sometimes, we are in a situation Where it's necessary to improve our oratory, like the example before, 
in product's presentation for a client, and so, We select our words.
The secret of oratory is inform and persuade, and to persuade you must choose the right words.
Ex: This product is good
Ex2: This product is special, it takes into account aspects never seen before
In other words, by using select words, we add value to our words, and then, we make our speech fancier.


Emphatic listening:
Before explaining the concept of emphatic listening, it's important show the 3 levels of listening.

Litening 1 - The listening 1 is related to the habits, and this is what we do when we don't listen, 
I mean, we have the habit to judge, and this occur when our mind wants process a position before listening completely, 
and then we will just reconfirm the same ideas

listening 2 - The listening outside is what we do when we separet our judgment standard, and then, 
rather than show my opnion, I'm able to get more data

listening 3 - emphatic listening, we create a emotinal conection with speaker, looking with the eyes of the speaker

Professionally, it's important to use this to get more opnions about a project for example. Personally, it's extremelly
important use this, mainly at this time of election. Everyone has a point of view and we need respect them